Add public keyword to NEWS.md (#51322)
JuliaLang/julia: NEWS.md

New language features
---------------------

> * `public` is a new keyword! It behaves analogously to `export` but marks symbols as public
>   without exporting into the namespace of folks who call `using`. Please mark your public but
>   non-exported symbols as `public`. To mark public symbols while keeping compatibility with
>   older versions of Julia, use `@public` from Compat.jl. ([#50105])
> 

Reviewer: It's a bit strange to compare it to `export` since the only thing `export` (make symbols using after `using`) is not something `public` does. Perhaps something like this would be more clear:
```suggestion
* `public` is a new keyword. Symbols marked with `public` are considered public
  API. Symbols marked with `export` are now also treated as public API. The
  difference between `public` and `export` is that `public` names do not become
  available when `using` a package/module. ([#50105])
```
